W-14793968 Feature/w 14793968 beta to latest oms (#116)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/sfdc-oms-setup-customization-guide.adoc

= Salesforce OMS Setup and Customization Guide

> This guide describes how to configure Salesforce OMS for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Salesforce OMS for the
```

Reviewer: "This guide" is self-referential.

https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/[B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation] use case.

== Configure Salesforce OMS

Follow the instructions in the https://resources.docs.salesforce.com/latest/latest/en-us/sfdc/pdf/sfom_impl_b2b_b2b2c.pdf[Salesforce Order Management Implementation Guide for B2B and D2C Commerce] to configure Salesforce OMS. As part of the configuration:

* Disable the *Enable Reduction Orders* option in *Order Settings*.
* Enable *Order Management*, *Use Person Accounts*, and *High Scale Orders*
* Activate *Multiple Currencies*
* <<configure_payment_gateway>>

== Customization

Install the Salesforce package from the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerator B2B Common Resources] project and verify that the configuration is correct in your Salesforce organization.

=== Custom Fields

> Verify that the following fields have been created in the corresponding objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the following fields are created in the corresponding objects:
```

|Account |B2B Order Sales Channel |B2B_OrderSalesChannel__c
|Lookup(Sales Channel) | | |N

|Account |B2B Order Store |B2B_OrderStore__c |Lookup(Store) | | |N

|Shipment |ExternalId |ExternalId__c |Text |100 |N |Y
|===

=== Custom Object Tab

Verify that your Salesforce org shows the *Pending Order Summary Errors* custom tab.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|*Salesforce Object* |*Field Label* |*Field Name* |*Data Type* |*Length* |*Unique* |*ExternalId*

|Pending Order Summary Error |Error Code |Error_Code__c |Text |255 |N |N

|Pending Order Summary Error |Error Message |Error_Message__c |Long Text Area |5000 |N |N

|Pending Order Summary Error |Event Uuid |Event_Uuid__c |Text |255 |N |N

|Pending Order Summary Error |External Reference Identifier|External_Reference_Identifier__c |Text |255 |N |N

|Pending Order Summary Error |Pending Order Summary Error Name |Name|Text |80 |N |N
|===

=== Platform Event

Verify that the `ShipmentCreated` platform event is configured exactly as shown in the following table:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Name |API Name |Event Type |Publish Behavior
|ShipmentCreated |ShipmentCreated__e |High Volume |Publish After Commit
|===

> In addition, verify that the following fields have been created in the `ShipmentCreated` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, verify that the following fields are created in the `ShipmentCreated` object:
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|*Field Label* |*Field Name* |*Data Type* |*Length* |*Unique* |*ExternalId*
|OrderSummaryId |OrderSummaryId__c |Text |50 |N |N
|ShipmentId |ShipmentId__c |Text |50 |N |N
|===

=== Flows

After installing the Salesforce package, verify that the following flows are available and activated. Customize the flows based on your business requirements.

* `OMS_Create_OrderSummaryRoutingSchedule_on_OrderSummary_event` - Creates an Order Summary Routing schedule when OMS Order Summary record is created.

> * `OMS_Create_Fulfillment_Orders_on_OrderSummaryRoutingSchedule` - Creates a fulfillment orders after an `Order Summary Routing` schedule record is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `OMS_Create_Fulfillment_Orders_on_OrderSummaryRoutingSchedule` - Creates fulfillment orders after an `Order Summary Routing` schedule record is created.
```

> * `OMS_Create_Fulfillment_Orders_from_Order_Summary_Subflow` - Used in `OMS_Create_Fulfillment_Orders_on_OrderSummaryRoutingSchedule` flow to create fulfillment orders for an order summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `OMS_Create_Fulfillment_Orders_from_Order_Summary_Subflow` - Used in the `OMS_Create_Fulfillment_Orders_on_OrderSummaryRoutingSchedule` flow to create fulfillment orders for an order summary.
```

* `OMS_Raise_ShipmentCreated_Event` flow - Creates a platform event when a shipment is created in Salesforce OMS.
* `OMS_Create_Invoice` - Creates an invoice after the fulfillment order is filled.
* `OMS_Log_Pending_Order_Summary_Error` - Creates an error record in the `Pending Order Summary Error` object when an error occurs during processing of the `Pending Order Summary Processed Event`.

> === Configure Payment Gateway [[configure_payment_gateway]]

Reviewer: [[configure-payment-gateway]]
=== Configure the Payment Gateway

Reviewer: ^^ Correct format

If you don't use Salesforce Payments, configure a payment gateway manually to view and manage payments in Order Management. Configure a gateway for each payment provider, including Stripe, PayPal, Adyen, and Cybersource. You can find payment packages on AppExchange for some vendors.

Follow these steps to configure a payment gateway manually:

. Follow the https://github.com/forcedotcom/Core-Payments-Reference-Gateway-Integration-Adapters[Core Payments Reference Gateway Integration Adapters] instructions to create a payment gateway adapter class that uses the Salesforce APEX connector framework.
. Create a payment gateway provider record that points to your newly created payment gateway adapter class.
. Go to *Setup* and define a named credential that contains the gateway provider's authentication and login information. The adapter class callout definition calls the named credential.
. Create a payment gateway record to link the payment gateway provider record and the named credential.

== Error Handling in Salesforce OMS

> The Salesforce High Scale Orders API initially records data for order summaries as `PendingOrderSummary`. To troubleshoot errors that occur during the transition from `PendingOrderSummary` to `Order Summary`, use the `OMS_Log_Pending_Order_Summary_Error.flow` process, which subscribes to the `PendingOrderSumProcEvent` event and logs errors in the `Pending Order Summary Error` object. The *Pending Order Summary Errors* custom tab in Salesforce OMS shows the errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Salesforce High Scale Orders API initially records data for order summaries as `PendingOrderSummary`. 

To troubleshoot errors that occur during the transition from `PendingOrderSummary` to `Order Summary`, use the `OMS_Log_Pending_Order_Summary_Error.flow` process, which subscribes to the `PendingOrderSumProcEvent` event and logs errors in the `Pending Order Summary Error` object. The *Pending Order Summary Errors* custom tab in Salesforce OMS shows the errors.
```

== Configure Your Connected App for Authentication

Follow these steps to generate the *Consumer Key* and *Consumer Secret* values required for Salesforce authentication:

. In your Salesforce org, navigate to *New Connected App* in the *App Manager*.

> . Enter "MuleSoft Accelerator" as the connected app name and API name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter `MuleSoft Accelerator` as the connected app name and API name.
```

. Enter your email address.
. Check the *Enable OAuth Settings*.

> . Set the callback URL http://localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the callback URL to `http://localhost`.
```

> . Select "Full access (full)" in the *Selected OAuth Scopes* list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Selected OAuth Scopes* list, select *Full access (full)*.
```

. Click *Save*, and then click *Continue*.
. Click *Manage* to view the connected app details.
. Click *Edit Policies*.
. Select *All users may self-authorize* in the *OAuth Policies* section.
. Select *Relax IP* restrictions in the *IP Relaxation* field.
. Click *Save*.
. Go to *Setup* and navigate to *App Manager*.
. Select *View* from the actions for your connected app.
. Click *Manage Consumer Details* in the *API (Enable OAuth Settings)* section.
. Verify your identity by entering the verification code from your email.
. Copy the values in the *Consumer Key* and *Consumer Secret* fields.

> . Add the values as the `sfdc.client-id` and `sfdc.client-secret` properties respectively in your Maven settings.xml file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the values as the `sfdc.client-id` and `sfdc.client-secret` properties respectively in your Maven `settings.xml` file. 
```

> Use the sample settings.xml file in the Accelerator B2B Common Resources project as a starting point for configuring your connected app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the sample `settings.xml` file in the Accelerator B2B Common Resources project as a starting point for configuring your connected app.
```

== Generate a Security Token for Your Service Account

To connect to the Financial Services Cloud instance, you must generate a token for the service account used by Mule applications.

. Log in to Salesforce as the service account user, which is the account Mule applications use to connect to Salesforce.

> . Click the Username icon and select *Settings*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Username* icon and select *Settings*.
```
